lucky iphone users beware
your favorite gadget sometimes gets
viruses too
one day you may see an ad notification
from your calendar
and no matter how much time you spend on
deleting those events
they just won't disappear to put an end
to this misadventure
go to settings calendar accounts and
delete all of them
except for icloud and gmail ones there
may be really few viruses for iphone
but you're never protected from juice
jacking if you don't want to be the one
whose data
accidentally leaked public chargers are
a no go
airport cafe public transport you name
it
it only concerns the usb chargers a good
old adapter
won't let you down be scrupulous about
various permissions too
make sure the apps you download are from
a protected source
and aren't fake there are many shortcuts
available on the internet
but most of them aren't safe read the
app reviews before downloading
yeah sounds obvious but it does help
save both your time
and phone going stealthy is vital for
your privacy
if you don't have a special screen
protector just adjust the brightness
level
it's harder for anyone to see your past
this way
airplane mode isn't only great for
keeping your charge but also at keeping
your data safe
the logic is simple if the phone is
offline how can anyone get your data
the iphone runs out of charge really
fast when it's cold
because of the aluminum case aluminum
gets cold way
faster than plastic by the way an
android runs out of charge slower
just because most android phones have
plastic cases
and nope there's no remedy or piece of
advice
sorry guys it happens to anyone at least
if you accidentally dropped your phone
in the snow or just left it outside and
it got frozen
don't charge it the very same moment you
bring it back
leave it for 20 to 30 minutes to get a
bit warmer
then you might want to get a water eject
shortcut
it's not set by default but you can
easily get one by just googling it
there are also a lot of free apps that
eject the water from the dynamics with
the power of sound
if you can't delete a certain app for
some reason check your settings
go to settings screen time content and
privacy restrictions
in itunes and app store purchases there
should be a tick on
don't allow change it for allow and now
you can delete any app one of the most
bugging problems for all iphone users is
when you run out of memory
even if you delete the photos there's
still not enough space
go to settings iphone storage and make
sure that recently deleted photos
are actually deleted if not delete them
in the storage section
keyboards have their secrets too to end
a sentence with a period and start a new
sentence
just tap the space button twice also if
you prefer
typing holding the phone with one hand
only choose the right keyboard
whenever you change the language there
are three keyboard icons below
the left one is for the left hand only
the central is for both hands and
the right one is tada for the right hand
only
what a surprise if you tap the uppercase
button twice
you'll get capsulot many letters also
have hidden symbols
if you hold your finger on a button
you'll see them now you can type all
francais
respecting all the characters okay and
if you accidentally deleted that long
message you've been trying to write
just shake your phone it'll activate the
undo typing function
hold the space button in the notes or
whatever text you're dealing with
this way you can easily slide across the
keyboard
to get to any part of the text the note
drawings can be nice and smooth
even if you don't have a stylus when you
finish your drawing
hold it for a second with your finger
iphone will automatically make it look
better
no more curved lines slow wi-fi can be
really annoying but your gadget knows
how to handle it
go to your wi-fi settings and see if the
data saver mode is on
if not just tap the slider and voila
now you're surfing the net at a
completely different speed
sooner or later any phone gets slower
even if it used to be a brand new 256 gb
iphone in this case you just need to
clear the ram
turn on the assistive touch it'll be of
great help
then squeeze the power button and before
sliding the turn off menu
press the home button on the assistive
touch your ram is as
good as new now assistive touch can also
help you set new functions to simple
tabs
go to settings general accessibility
and in the assistive touch section you
can change any commands
in the custom actions menu for a double
tap
i chose the screenshot since a
combination of home
plus power button seems a bit
inconvenient
to make a screenshot tap the
accessibility menu circle twice
to change the battery icon color go to
accessibility
choose display and text size and slide
the smart invert button
the battery icon color turns blue now if
you increase the contrast
it will get a lighter blue shade when
your phone is on charge
the indicator will turn purple ooh magic
to make your iphone louder go to
settings music
and find the equalizer it's called eq
in the menu late night option will make
your phone
somewhat 20 louder than it used to be
louder at night really to record a video
without being noticed
go to the camera start video recording
go back to the notification center the
video will be recorded
but it won't be seen on the screen hey
why do you even want to do
that just because you can
you can also set a unique vibration for
any of your contacts
go to settings sounds and open the
ringtone settings
you usually have the default vibration
but if you scroll down a bit
you're gonna see the custom section tap
any rhythm that you like and save it
you can set it for any of your contacts
i know you must have dozens of tabs in
your browser
or probably a hundred at least i do to
close them all in one touch
hold the done button in the lower left
corner and choose the close all x tabs
i closed 336 last time that's insane
if you accidentally closed all the tabs
and need to go back to some of the
recent ones
hold the plus button in the middle it'll
open the list of recently closed tabs
so all you got to do is scroll down
hoping to find the one you didn't want
to close
iphones may not have the most endurable
batteries
but they beat everyone when it comes to
photo quality
turn on the grid in the camera settings
go to general
choose camera to enable the grid it can
help you make better compositions in the
photo
by the way people with iphones don't
need a separate app for qr readers
since all the iphones have them built in
turn on the camera and point the camera
to the code
you'll see the pop-up window on the top
of the screen tap the window
and you'll go straight to the browser to
whatever link the qr code has
if it doesn't work enable the scan qr
codes function in the camera settings
if you need to find some special word
combination when you're reading an
online article
go to the search bar and type the word
you're interested in
you're going to see three sections
google search and don't need it
bookmarks in history don't need it and
on this page tap here the word you need
is going to be highlighted with yellow
plus there will be a special navigation
bar on the bottom with the arrows
up and down to look for the keyword
easily
if you like writing long romantic
letters in your notes but don't want
anyone to read them
then set a pass to any of your notes
there are two ways how to do that
depending on what iphone model you have
for instance
for iphone 6 you gotta slide from right
to left
and you'll see three icons lock folder
and
bin use the bin if the romantic letter
is bad
and the lock to protect it from ptis
set the pass but make sure you actually
remember it you can't delete the pass
if this one didn't work just tap and
hold the note itself
and you'll see the password bar in the
dropping menu
set the pass and from now on no one's
going to know about romantic letters to
juliet
that you've been writing all night long
good night romeo